yo what's up guys chase the Bro here and
welcome back to another elded ring DLC
build video and today I am a finger
wizard yes we're going to be using a
pure sorcery build focused entirely
around the finger sorceries the DLC
introduced four different finger
sorceries starting off we have the
fleeting microcosm which will spawn on
the enemy as long as you have a clear
line of sight and are locked on it does
a weaker damage pulse at first and the
second one is very damaging if both
pules hit though I've seen it one shot
everyone is connected to and then we
have Glenstone nail and Glenstone nails
they're essentially the same although
the nails is the multi-shot version very
good as a longrange pressure and the
final sorcery is the cherishing fingers
this is going to be your AOE to get
teams off of you and the best thing
about these spells is they can all be
charged so it's really up to you if you
want to go for higher damage you can
charge them or if you want the quicker
cast you don't have to to enhance the
damage of the sorcerers I am wearing the
finger robe because this does enhance
your finger sorceries by 8% you also
want the maternal staff in your off hand
because that boosts your finger
sorceries by 50 % now I did compare the
build on an in Arcane build if I was
using two of the maternal staffs and the
elad Glenstone staff just outdamaged it
so it's just better to go pure
intelligence especially since you don't
need any Arcane or faith to cast any of
these new finger sorceries you just want
a pure intelligence build this is a
pretty standard Talisman setup for Pure
sorceries you want both of your Graven
school and Graven Mass Talisman to
enhance the damage the Godfree icon is a
must since you can charge all of these
sorceries and then I like having Max
cast speed so I have the rigan icon and
40 dexterity that's really all there is
to to say about the finger wizard I hope
you guys enjoy the
invasions zapto Sido hello there man no
wizard please don't stand in front of me
you're going to die while your teammate
might now nice that was actually a good
trade I'm glad it wasn't the
host that tracks really well I'm so
sorry about that that damage is crazy um
I'm back away and cast this at you and
then I'll cast this at
you there we go
H here's a question will this track to
him it actually did
wow oh my God as long as you have line
of sight even if there's elevation
that's good to know oh he's fighting
that
Beast well allow me to add difficulty to
this oh that was
perfect guard break into the finishing
blast that's amazing fun F
Boys The Mountaintop of the Giants well
hello there big boy would you be
interested in a lot of fingers what
about some of this into some of this
into some of this oh that's a fun time
for you Mr bul goat
hello that's such a good chain of
attacks Star Shower
into two you can't touch me I'm a wizard
man oh Thor's hammer I like
it he's like how do you like the spam
how do you like and I have a sword as
well just so you
know taste to my
Wizardry well you unfortunately died oh
that's not good it's one of those
connections where I have to double roll
it oh my god do you see how late that
was that should have hit me in my mind
how late do I have to dodge this oh my
God that's such like a it really messes
with my brain when it's so lat hey there
how's it
going don't roll at me you're not the
goat finger
bang into fleeting microcosm into Nails
into star
shower oh that's such a good mix man I
need to do that more this to Star shower
charg or maybe I should do it the other
way around the star shower seems to
linger longer
oh I'm trying to mess with the spell
order here to make it more of a
projectile
issue the fog Rift catacombs some of my
favorite because we
can oh my God yes dude yes will this
work on here hey man wait quick before I
leave I leave you that gift oh my God
you're stuck on here with me
finger oh
wait this is amazing dude and then this
this guy is not in a good position wait
that really throws off its tracking
huh it like cuts into it yeah not
effective not effective what is
effective over there I'm intrigued can I
use
this oh it stays on the level okay so
honestly being on this elevator is
pretty beneficial for him but star
shower I feel like tracks in a different
way so it's fine what if I'm on the
platform with him nope it eats that okay
so I'm going to have to do the old
endure into the
fingers Oh I thought I thought that was
the host excuse me all right I need my
back up here thank you thank you
finger blast
hey you killed my friend dishonest okay
I need to avoid sir L2 enjoyer over
there they're both a little bit of the
L2
enjoyers hang on bleed ballis yes Bubble
yes you know what stay on that Mr Blue
it's
fine cuz then I can actually use my
spells I just need to time them as I go
up a that didn't work out well
will this work on here oh my god that
actually works on here okay no
didn't Maga over there needs to calm
down put that spam excuse
me I might be forced to use the sword
here that was hilarious oh he came up at
the right time oh boy there is a dragon
breath
involved I keep my bubble
this is pretty good I like this all
right this is for L2
enjoyer oh no he's got dragon breath as
well oh boy oh boy hold up we're falling
back so we have a lot of dragon breath
going on over there not a fan of that
well well I just needed one of those to
hit I guess there goes the
host wow dude can you charge sorceries
they do so much damage man it's actually
amazing I mean dishonest
crumbling phula with Valkyrie
Jesus that actually jump scared me I
don't know why I like I just saw swords
coming out of the side of the screen
dude you're evil for that man I have to
say
finger cherished super cherish
finger all right well this is for you
Valkyrie oh no don't go behind the wall
that's smart but at the same time it
might explode and hit okay no the
Phantom wasn't there guys it's okay I
know you're trying to pull me off the
ledge there fear Fox I'm not silly oh
Banger oh that actually hurt a lot this
will probably finish fear
Fox almost finished me in the process
but it would have been
worth man he is super healing over there
hey man this is good cover for me thank
you
oh he took the full thing you
silly into this into the One
Nail you think you're safe
there you're not safe there backing away
me you save though I have a sword as
well sir I can do this if you're just
going to play defensive this is what
this is
for and then start toer and then the
nails
damn those track well dude they went up
and then down the mine
games well this is a pretty interesting
spawn as a finger wizard
H they're summoning another cooperator
can I Ambush them up here
somewhere oh I think I might be able to
he's coming up in that amazing
aim amazing aim too
no way
dude oh he got ambushed so hard I'm so
sorry another cooperator that's great
man hey
wizard okay that's in the way noted
that's how it tracks oh and it still hit
him oh and he's dead
well this is some unexpected damage why
hello Chris
Almighty hey man hey how's it
going well hello there boys is there a
Blasphemous Billy home if not would you
guys be interested in some
fingers uh Johnny's in
danger so are you guys if you just stand
in my face well that smells actually
good I like it um let's use this as a
cover here or wait maybe on you oh no
the wall got in the way but I can put
another one right
I don't want to hit Johnny specifically
he just happened to be there hey guys I
think you're safe around the corner I
got this for
you oh you were prepared I like a
straight
sword why' you try to roll behind me
crazy that was not worth it at all hey
guys
oh this is for you oh my God I threw
early and mine did a lot of
damage Noy keep away there's fingers
here you don't like the fingers oh my
God that was such a good jump attack
actually hold
up uh that almost killed this Phantom
I'm going to oh that killed the host
though I think he jumped off no how'd
the host die there did he just get one
shot by the fingers he must
have ah I got excited thinking this was
the invisible Bridge
area but I've been invaded sir
Camelot I almost read that as something
else we eat some crab oh there's a bear
down there and wizards hey
guys oh please tell me that wasn't the
host I don't think it was this is
good hi guys
hi wait there's two of you over there
honk hey that bubble was a good idea
that was not a good idea finger
oh what's going on oh gravitational
missile Dodge okay he's got the better
Wizardry for Behind the Walls pretty
easy to avoid for me though because I'm
used to it hey there what even is your
build sir you are like all levels aren't
you jeez he's still got hit by that of
course oh L2 a little L2 action in my
life he's got all the
bubbles it's
funny oh I didn't see him step on that
trap dishonest he's going for the bubble
again I know it he gets hit by that
every time man how does he do it come
into this I knew it oh I'm out of my
bombs sadness get him my friend I
believe in you wait you stepped on this
hang on wait I can actually step on this
now it's fine oh wait no I hit the
enemy I'm
silly all right I'm going to use him as
cover oh good thing I had of my bubble
hang on they have bubbles going on I got
to pop their bubbles
perfect this is for you
Dad Dad take
this take this again
all right DED
down I'm not sure what he was swinging
at oh I'm all so sorry is he trying to
attack the dead
enemy what where is
Oto what the heck am I stuck on
what where am I I'm in a rock I think
I'm in a rock what is this spawn this is
hilarious I have never experienced this
before um well obviously I'm going to
warp but I was so confused while running
into
that well this is better I can actually
move hello guys how's it going let's
start off with maybe the fleeting
microcosm what's the range on
it a
spawn oh yo I did not see you there my
friend hey he's a wizard sh as well hey
they're both Wizards oh
fingers I'm summoning fingers every now
and then I want to see the damage on a
player though if it's fully charged this
blue is a perfect test ooh not bad at
all and finish him
off sorry guys I had to test that out
okay um got to watch out for the night
wizard that's for
sure um this is for
you that my
bad well it's actually his bad but you
know uncharged oh that track's weird
this track's better I'll do with a
faster mixup one well there goes was
that 12200 or 2200
HP I can't tell I can't read a is that
the hand of
Millennia I wonder what he's going to
do should I bonky with the staff what's
the plan are we l
toing i know how to dodge that
silly come in for the fingers I was
hoping you would come
in that's a good spawn yes come to my
finger
explosions torment him
torment all right now what if I were to
do
this I think it'll stop him or explode
yeah good trade good trade for me good
trade for me
run run hosty
run that did so much
damage let be a will finish him with
just slicer there we go this is what you
need the slicer for it's like the
finishing tool but all the finger
sorceries do high damage it
seems this is the belly rat gel right
yes yes it is well hello there how's it
going um Cory I'm kind of scared I don't
know what your teammate has behind you
but the fingers will set you free all of
them you cannot Dodge forever you think
you can but you can't dodging will get
you killed there's many things coming
your way still don't roll around me it's
a bad
idea I can spawn the fingers I think I
just used everything I could possibly
use on that
guy okay so Tony got summoned Corey was
the Phantom that
died my compass is
gone wait I hear battle
maybe they're up this giant
ladder oh it looks like they
are excuse me good
sir I didn't want to hit you with that I
want to hit you with
this leave it to the host wizard to just
appear
dude and then die oh man silly Wizards
flame Peak are they running to the chain
are you guys chilling um oh you guys are
chilling okay hang on oh no I'm falling
well I accept
it it was too late hi guys how's it
going this is for the promised
consort oh I think I didn't know
promised conort was AFK I'm sorry you
guys were like all huddled together
somehow I use that on the AFK one I do
apologize finger
I'll take the
trade finger again stop taking the trade
harlon you're silly oh wait oh boy this
demon is nearby this is not good for you
guys all right let's go with my
combination
here
into into I'm out of FP typical wizard
things you know no big deal I should
track right oh there's a bird behind me
now the bird's near you I feel for you I
love the summon though just you know
rolling for his life it's
fine continue to roll my
friend how much stamina do these builds
have sorry guys wait oh no he gave him a
hand I'll see myself
out I've invaded
me oh I forgot there's a spike ceiling
above me
H we're going to throw some HP on just
until I get to the host wait I see some
light over there they're definitely over
there oh nice I made
it oh they're
me oh that was good I got a great view
of that he
guys um
you know that's fair you just separated
yourself
though I'm going oh wait this is
shme I don't know if I want to fight
shme first I want to fight the Phantom
but the Phantom fell hey there oh I
forgot about the ash I almost
backstabbed on reaction right there
fingers H maybe we can try to do
something funny with shme here
into
this me you're so silly you just rolled
right into danger okay let's heal I
don't know if your friend can get here
in time though that's the issue
really every time you go for the heal I
do this super
finger need some FP
back oh okay oh that actually still hit
me he delayed but it's still that was
weird that was very strange go for the
ash do it no okay I that's
fine all right now shme I'm going to
introduce you to a lot of fun things
here since I have you alone it's a fun
time you know no big deal come in for
the fingers I knew he'd do
it I'm sorry man that's
unfortunate I don't know where your
friend was but it was a fun
fight well hello there hey leave my
friend alone he taught me these
sorceries you dare tarnish
him that's right it goes through your
Shield silent what if I mix these up
though yes you must W your way to me and
then I will hit you with the
fingers did the nails kill them I guess
they
did pretty
good well if it isn't a filthy wizard
hello wizard are you ready to experience
your own fighting style perhaps worse
objectively I'm kind of
evil
finger I love that I can just trade with
that so
good oh man the cherishing
fingers well that wraps up all the
battles that I have for you guys for
today as the finger wizard I hope you
guys enjoyed the invasions once again
there's my stats on the right the armor
that I wore the talismans that I used
throughout the invasions and my two
different casting staffs I really
enjoyed this build and you can
definitely push it further by mixing in
some regular sorceries I didn't use many
cuz I wanted to focus on most of the
finger ones of course but you could add
quite a lot to this build as always if
you guys have any recommendations on any
builds weapons or theme videos feel free
to comment them below I do appreciate
all the input that you guys give until
the next video this is goodbye I will
see you all next time thanks so much for
watching goodbye goodbye